# CS340_M7

## How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work?How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

I try to approach my software design iteratively. I try to plan out each step or major process that I need to complete and handle them one at a time. A new design skill thats I've learned from this project was the ability to create in 3D. It's something that I haven't pursued on my own time, and something that none of my courses have touched on at all so far. I tried to follow a waterfall type process, completing certain "steps" that I'd created beforehand. This didn't really work out once I ran into the issue of my lighting not working out and I had to jump that step to go on and complete as much of the project as I could. I think this could be improved in the future by just being a little more flexible and not getting hung up on one step for so long. I spent hours trying to fix the lighting with nothing to show for it, and that time could have been spent better. 

## How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

Much like my design, I try to work iteratively. As I work through my steps, I'm also frequently running my code and trying to find errors or logic issues. Running my code frequenly is something I learned early and have kept up throughout my academic career. Iteration was an important factor in my design process. You could tell from the milestones that it was an intended process for working through the milestones. I worked with several iterations of primative shape builders, trying to find the set that worked best for my scene, this meant rebuilding my bottle/scene from the ground up several times. The milestones seemed to be intentionally planned to teach certain portions of the whole, allowing students to gain skills on different areas and apply them to the final project at the end. 

## How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

My main goal is to find a career to support myself, computer science is a means to an end in that way. Even if I don't wind up working directly in a software development role, the types of skills and logical thinking that I've earned from studying in computer scinece are things that will benefit me no matter the career I end up in. computational graphics won't play a major role for me regardless, as I don't see myself ending up in front end or in video games. Visualization on the other hand could play a factor depenign on the types of work that I get in the future. 
